Vas0.4.1 (#3)
intel-iot-devkit/rtsf-at-checkout-reference-design: docs_src/phases/phase3.md

- CAMERA{i}_CROP_TBLR - the camera’s crop number of pixels to cut from the top, bottom, left, right. Try and crop the camera to just include the ROI of interest.

Each of the CAMERA{i}_ environment variables can be incremented up to the number of cameras you wish to include in your solution.  For example, if you have two cameras your environment variables section would have the following values: 

- MQTT_DESTINATION_HOST
- CAMERA0_ENDPOINT
- CAMERA0_SRC
- CAMERA0_ROI_NAME
- CAMERA0_CROP_TBLR
- CAMERA1_ENDPOINT
- CAMERA1_SRC
- CAMERA1_ROI_NAME
- CAMERA1_CROP_TBLR

### Camera Source
Before you run Video Analytics Serving you'll need to specify your camera source in the docker compose file `docker-compose.vap.yml`.

Possible camera sources include:

- rtsp
- usb camera
- local file (debugging only)

#### RTSP

For an RTSP feed edit the CAMERA0_SRC environment variable to point to the URL of the RTSP feed.

`CAMERA0_SRC=rtsp://{URL}:{PORT}/{STREAM-END-POINT}`

If the RTSP camera has username and password auth append those values to the beginning of the URL. i.e. `CAMERA0_SRC=rtsp://{USERNAME}:{PASSWORD}@{URL}:{PORT}/{STREAM-END-POINT}`.

#### USB camera

> First, add the camera device to the `video-analytic` container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, add the camera device to the `video-analytic` service in the docker-compose file.
```

``` yaml
devices:
    - /dev/video0:/dev/video0
```

Then edit the CAMERA0_SRC environment variable to point to the video source
`CAMERA0_SRC=/dev/video0`

#### Local video file

> To use a local video sample add the path to the video file in the container to the CAMERA0_SRC environment variable.  The keyword `file` lets VAS know the URI is a local file and not a RTSP URL.

Reviewer: do we have requirement about what kind of format (eg. mp4, wma, ...etc) for this video file? if so, probably want to list them out.
